Update README.md to match the package behavior (#7)
Kludex/fastapi-health: README.md

The `health()` method receives the following parameters:
- `conditions`: A list of callables that represents the conditions of your API, it can return either `bool` or a `dict`.

> - `success_output`: An optional callable which receives `**kwargs` and returns a dictionary that will be the content response of a successful health call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `success_output`: An optional callable which receives the `conditions` results and returns a dictionary that will be the content response of a successful health call.
```
